libcore.reflect.Types.getTypeArray->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.getResolvedTypes->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.resolveTypes->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getResolvedType->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getRawType->java.lang.Class.forName-><<java.lang.String>><<android.content.Context>><<boolean>><<false>><<java.lang.ClassLoader>><<java.lang.BootClassLoader@231935d>>->class android.content.Context
java.lang.Class.forName-><<java.lang.String>><<java.lang.Class>><<boolean>><<false>><<java.lang.ClassLoader>><<java.lang.BootClassLoader@231935d>>->class java.lang.Class
libcore.reflect.Types.getTypeArray->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.getResolvedTypes->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.resolveTypes->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getResolvedType->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getRawType->java.lang.Class.forName-><<java.lang.String>><<java.lang.String>><<boolean>><<false>><<java.lang.ClassLoader>><<java.lang.BootClassLoader@231935d>>->class java.lang.String
libcore.reflect.Types.getTypeArray->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.getResolvedTypes->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.resolveTypes->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getResolvedType->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getRawType->java.lang.Class.forName-><<java.lang.String>><<android.net.Uri>><<boolean>><<false>><<java.lang.ClassLoader>><<java.lang.BootClassLoader@231935d>>->class android.net.Uri
libcore.reflect.Types.getTypeArray->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.getResolvedTypes->libcore.reflect.ListOfTypes.resolveTypes->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getResolvedType->libcore.reflect.ParameterizedTypeImpl.getRawType->java.lang.Class.forName-><<java.lang.String>><<android.content.Context>><<boolean>><<false>><<java.lang.ClassLoader>><<java.lang.BootClassLoader@231935d>>->class android.content.Context
java.lang.Class.forName-><<java.lang.String>><<java.lang.Class>><<boolean>><<false>><<java.lang.ClassLoader>><<java.lang.BootClassLoader@231935d>>->class java.lang.Class
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.createBaseContextForActivity->android.app.ContextImpl.createActivityContext->android.app.ContextImpl.<init>->java.util.Objects.equals->java.io.File.equals->java.io.File.compareTo->java.io.UnixFileSystem.compare->java.io.File.getPath->->/data/user/0/com.robingoodxv
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.createBaseContextForActivity->android.app.ContextImpl.createActivityContext->android.app.ContextImpl.<init>->java.util.Objects.equals->java.io.File.equals->java.io.File.compareTo->java.io.UnixFileSystem.compare->java.io.File.getPath->->/data/user/0/com.robingoodxv
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->android.app.Activity.onCreate-><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->android.content.Intent.$init-><<android.content.Context>><<android.app.Application@bf2207a>><<java.lang.Object>><<class com.robingoodxv.Tb>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.p.q->android.content.ContextWrapper.startService-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { cmp=com.robingoodxv/.Tb }>>->ComponentInfo{com.robingoodxv/com.robingoodxv.Tb}
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.a.q->com.robingoodxv.cd.<init>->com.robingoodxv.aa.q->android.content.ContextWrapper.registerReceiver-><<android.content.BroadcastReceiver>><<com.robingoodxv.aa@169dc1e>><<android.content.IntentFilter>><<android.content.IntentFilter@8580cff>>->Intent { act=android.net.conn.CONNECTIVITY_CHANGE flg=0x4000010 (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.p.e->com.robingoodxv.p.a->com.robingoodxv.p.p->android.content.Intent.$init-><<android.content.Context>><<com.robingoodxv.MainActivity@dad6acc>><<java.lang.Object>><<class com.robingoodxv.Ac>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
android.util.MergedConfiguration$1.createFromParcel->android.util.MergedConfiguration$1.createFromParcel->android.util.MergedConfiguration.<init>->android.util.MergedConfiguration.<init>->android.util.MergedConfiguration.readFromParcel->android.os.Parcel.readParcelable->android.os.Parcel.readParcelableCreator->java.lang.Class.forName-><<java.lang.String>><<android.content.res.Configuration>><<boolean>><<false>><<java.lang.ClassLoader>><<java.lang.BootClassLoader@231935d>>->class android.content.res.Configuration
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.$init-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.content.Intent.putExtra-><<java.lang.String>><<android.app.extra.DEVICE_ADMIN>><<android.os.Parcelable>><<[object Object]>>->Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.createBaseContextForActivity->android.app.ContextImpl.createActivityContext->android.app.ContextImpl.<init>->java.util.Objects.equals->java.io.File.equals->java.io.File.compareTo->java.io.UnixFileSystem.compare->java.io.File.getPath->->/data/user/0/com.robingoodxv
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.createBaseContextForActivity->android.app.ContextImpl.createActivityContext->android.app.ContextImpl.<init>->java.util.Objects.equals->java.io.File.equals->java.io.File.compareTo->java.io.UnixFileSystem.compare->java.io.File.getPath->->/data/user/0/com.robingoodxv
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->android.app.Activity.onCreate-><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->android.content.Intent.$init-><<android.content.Context>><<android.app.Application@bf2207a>><<java.lang.Object>><<class com.robingoodxv.Tb>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.p.q->android.content.ContextWrapper.startService-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { cmp=com.robingoodxv/.Tb }>>->ComponentInfo{com.robingoodxv/com.robingoodxv.Tb}
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.a.q->com.robingoodxv.cd.<init>->com.robingoodxv.aa.q->android.content.ContextWrapper.registerReceiver-><<android.content.BroadcastReceiver>><<com.robingoodxv.aa@64da739>><<android.content.IntentFilter>><<android.content.IntentFilter@719c17e>>->Intent { act=android.net.conn.CONNECTIVITY_CHANGE flg=0x4000010 (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.p.e->com.robingoodxv.p.a->com.robingoodxv.p.p->android.content.Intent.$init-><<android.content.Context>><<com.robingoodxv.MainActivity@45ff6df>><<java.lang.Object>><<class com.robingoodxv.Ac>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.createBaseContextForActivity->android.app.ContextImpl.createActivityContext->android.app.ContextImpl.<init>->java.util.Objects.equals->java.io.File.equals->java.io.File.compareTo->java.io.UnixFileSystem.compare->java.io.File.getPath->->/data/user/0/com.robingoodxv
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.createBaseContextForActivity->android.app.ContextImpl.createActivityContext->android.app.ContextImpl.<init>->java.util.Objects.equals->java.io.File.equals->java.io.File.compareTo->java.io.UnixFileSystem.compare->java.io.File.getPath->->/data/user/0/com.robingoodxv
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->android.app.Activity.onCreate-><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->android.content.Intent.$init-><<android.content.Context>><<android.app.Application@bf2207a>><<java.lang.Object>><<class com.robingoodxv.Tb>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.p.q->android.content.ContextWrapper.startService-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { cmp=com.robingoodxv/.Tb }>>->ComponentInfo{com.robingoodxv/com.robingoodxv.Tb}
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.a.q->com.robingoodxv.cd.<init>->com.robingoodxv.aa.q->android.content.ContextWrapper.registerReceiver-><<android.content.BroadcastReceiver>><<com.robingoodxv.aa@a89d0a9>><<android.content.IntentFilter>><<android.content.IntentFilter@5f7862e>>->Intent { act=android.net.conn.CONNECTIVITY_CHANGE flg=0x4000010 (has extras) }
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.p.e->com.robingoodxv.p.a->com.robingoodxv.p.p->android.content.Intent.$init-><<android.content.Context>><<com.robingoodxv.MainActivity@ada55cf>><<java.lang.Object>><<class com.robingoodxv.Ac>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap11->android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity->android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity->android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->android.app.Activity.performCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onCreate->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke->android.app.ActivityThread.main->android.os.Looper.loop->android.os.Handler.dispatchMessage->android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage->android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap19->android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResult->android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResults->android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.onActivityResult->com.robingoodxv.MainActivity.q->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult->android.app.Activity.startActivityForResult-><<android.content.Intent>><<Intent { act=android.app.action.ADD_DEVICE_ADMIN (has extras) }>><<int>><<100>><<android.os.Bundle>><<null>>->undefined
